docs(account): availability overview (#1172)
scaleway/docs-content: console/my-account/reference-content/products-availability.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Scaleway account - Products availability guide

>   description: This page provides and overview about the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availabiliy Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: This page provides an overview of the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availability Zones.
```

content:
  h1: Products availability guide

>   paragraph: This page provides and overview about the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availabiliy Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page provides an overview of the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availability Zones.
```

tags: availability region zone availability-zone
dates:
  validation: 2023-01-05
  posted: 2023-01-05
categories:
  - console
---

> Scaleway products are available in multiple regions and locations worldwide. This page provides and overview about the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availabiliy Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway products are available in multiple regions and locations worldwide. This page provides an overview of the availability of all Scaleway products in our regions and Availability Zones.

> * A **region** is a seperate geographical area (Paris, Amsterdam, Warsaw). Each region contains one or multiple Availability Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A **region** is a separate geographical area (Paris, Amsterdam, Warsaw). Each region contains one or multiple Availability Zones.
```

> * An **Availability Zone** are isolated locations in a specific region. Each Availability Zone provides its own services and infrastructure. Current Availability Zones are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Availability Zones** are isolated locations in a specific region. Each Availability Zone provides its own services and infrastructure. Our current Availability Zones are:
```

|                       | Redis                                 | PAR1, PAR2             | AMS1, AMS2              | WAW1                   |
| **Network**           | Private Networks                      | PAR1, PAR2, PAR3       | AMS1, AMS2              | WAW1, WAW2             |
|                       | Public Gateway                        | PAR1, PAR2             | AMS1, AMS2              | WAW1, WAW2             |
|                       | Load Balancer                         | PAR1, PAR2             | AMS1, AMS2              | WAW1, WAW2             |
|                       | Domains and DNS                       | Automatically assigned | Automatically assigned  | Automatically assigned |
|                       | Functions                             | Across Paris region    | Across Amsterdam region | Across Warsaw region   |
| **Serverless**        | Containers                            | Across Paris region    | Across Amsterdam region | Across Warsaw region   |
|                       | Messaging & Queing                    | Automatically assigned | Automatically assigned  | Automatically assigned |

> |                       | TEM                                   | Automatically assigned | Automatically assigned  | Automatically assigned |

Reviewer: I think it would be better to replace "TEM" with "Transactional Email", as it is always referred to as such :)
